- [Kevin] In this course, I've provided you
with a toolbox of strategies and techniques
for using Git as a team.
You've seen how tools such as GitLab
support workflows like GitFlow,
and provide a platform for continuous integration.
I hope you've learned some techniques
that will benefit your team and would love to hear
how it's improved your workflow, so stay in touch with me.
You can find my blog at tothought.com,
and I go by the handle of Kevin Bowersox
on stack overflow, where I can help you
with any challenges you experience.
If you're looking to take your team's practices
to the next level after this course,
I would recommend looking in the LinkedIn Learning Library
for courses on DevOps.
Thanks for taking this course.
Now get out there and put these new Git strategies
in place for your team.